Real spolier warning here! Don't read if you actually want to play the game























































|
V

























Opening

(This seems too dreamy to be real life...
Is it the limitations of dreaming
or is the world, or my vision already damaged?
Who even am I?
Am I just in a daze?
Am I hallucinating?
Why is the world so devoid of detail?
Or is it something else?
I'm scared...
Yet I want to find out...
...Why...?)

Area 1

Game saved.
(So I have saved one particular state of my consciousness, or do I even have it?)
(Or am I just a being causing multiple parallel time dimensions? Argh...)


(Why am I wobbling around?
Shaking as I move...?
Is this just an imagination,
or is it that life is imperfect?
Nevertheless, I'm fine with imperfections.
Nobody except a God, if one exists, is that way.)
(Things are changing colors, I'm not even kidding...
It's a slog to comprehend what is to
be comprehended, for it is incomprehensible...)

Drayden: ARGH!
URAAF! OW!
(Who is this? Am I hearing voices?
I've been lonely for a while, so is it my brain
playing tricks on me? Hearing false signals?
Should I help out? Or should I get more
experienced with fighting? There's definitely
trouble, and I surely don't want double trouble.)
Battle Encounters (The Thinking Lines)
On Encountering 2 Enemies:
(Something feels different.
Maybe challenges need to catch on with my ability.
Or maybe it's what humans naturally do in boredom.
Still, can't ruminate, gotta defeat those guys.)

Area 2
(It's the darkness. It's the uncertainity.
It's very real. Yet I can still see a bit
without a torch. Is it divine power?
Or is it robotic influence, or a brainwashing?
Or is it that someone knows that you would
get angry if you were blind?)
Drayden: Come on, go! This ain't rocket surgery!
It's not like that it's a black hole or anything!
Unless you're BLIND!
(Is it the shadows of all the problems I faced in
the past? Even if it's not a black hole, there
would certainly be hostile monsters that are
tougher than the previous places!
My bloke's just a doomer inhaling copium,
a feather-head like him would certainly be a
prodigiously painful problem!!)

Drayden: I don't care that it's dark, keep MOVING!
Don't stop! I actually want to chicken out of
here ASAP!
(Well, while he recognized it's dark, why is he
telling me to be rushed like a boar? What a wild
bear he is! It's not like monsters would
suddenly attack us,
when we are standing still!!
My Drayden always so eager to act,
yet he can't tell between bravery and
daredevilry, even though he's not evil.)
Drayden: A man doesn't care if he trips!
Literally, go! It's not that bad to be in the dark!
(But I'm not him... I need to be careful
of the worse case scenario of tripping up,
the premeditation of evils that I ain't sure
that I can deal with myself.)

Lyra: Aowww! Power of the sky, save me!
Aowah!
Drayden: This bir' got some nerves! Staying
in a place without the sky in view
AND where vicious monsters are all
around, now she's the TRUE birdbrain!!
(Yes, I wish I could get as much freedom
as a bird, I don't necessarily want to deal
with altruism all the time. I had to save
a man today, but now one more?)
Lyra: Aowww! Wah! Wounds!
Drayden: Birds aren't supposed to cry!
If men, a smart species, aren't supposed
to cry, then neither should a coward like you
do so any more!
(Wait, he might be taking it too far.
I'll handle this like a stoic, calmly,
after all, it does sound like no joke,
indeed, help is needed.
Drayden is too numbskulled to be alone
anyways, so maybe he's just yapping
stuff out to avoid feeling the loneliness
epidemic?)

DEATH
Drayden: WE'RE SO POWERFUL!!
(That we can beat death? That doesn't even occur one in a million years...
or does it, in an alternate reality where dreams and technology indeed come true!)

Area 3

Lyra: What a peaceful stroll through
the forest, unbothered...
Drayden: And it's one that believes in the
powers of the above! Of course, what's
up with them... It's an aeroplane
striking their head!!!
(Certainly has a lot of kinetic energy.)
Lyra: And what is that lil' shy lad
doin' here? Nothing specific to say?
(...)
Lyra: Maybe it's really of the thinker type.
(Exactly, thinking of what actions to take.)
Lyra: But perhaps it's done by a higher power,
who knows of much more than we do, and
is here to guide us to the ideal outcome.
(It's you, what a geniuz!)

Red/Blue Toggle 
(These things, huh? Welp! They alternate between... red.. and.. blue.)
Drayden: The blood of my enemies and the color of my clothes!
Lyra: The colour of what is said to be hell and the colour of the sky!
(Still, these things are a fun, or not-so-fun teaser for my wandering brain?)


Photonix: I received clear-cut instructions from
the Dark Spirit to give humans a hard time
by following pre-programmed instructions
by killing them.
(An alien? Am I really dreaming? Can Lyra
tell my apart?)
Lyra: No, not really, it's like a rumination
yet this thing could be a subordinate
of evil...
(Is evil just a reverence of my imaginative
powers... Help...)
Drayden: You're totally an alien to me,
so I'll hunt you down like Jeffery Epstein!!
(Are celestial bodies like that even supposed to
exist?)
Lyra: In reality, I can't even tell this apart...
Wait, are we even in reality? Or a dark dream?


Teleportation

(Wah! I suddenly ended up in another place!
It's like I was temporarily unaware!)
Drayden: We go WEEEE!
Lyra: Yeah, let's do this, guys.
It's certainly fun.
(Why else would I keep doing this activity?
Just to torture my swiggling body?)
Lyra: It's probably God's way to allow for
that evil being to be destroyed.
(That's certainly dark. Yeah, or it could be
my mind wandering with my body. lol.)

Area 4
Dark Spirit: Do NOT step forth into this portal.
Otherwise, you will simply be destroyed
into nothingless, like a black hole.
Dark Spirit: Why am I doing this? It's
simply because ending humans is my purpose.
I am showing my rare mercy here.
Lyra: Thank God!
Dark Spirit: Then you rotten rascals shall
interfere my peace no more.
Dark Spirit: Otherwise, as I have already said,
I will...painlessly...get rid of you guys.
Dark Spirit: Firing you away from this beautiful
place, into the ruins of putrid yet delicious
top-notch-tasting corpses. None will survive.
WAHAhahahaha!

Dark Spirit: You know what, I'll spill the beans.
Spilling your fate. Celeste, I have penetrated
your head such that I keep you in this joyful
nightmare forever.
(WHAT?)
Dark Spirit: Your eternal doom is my eternal joy.
I'm impressed you poor, ruined soul had the
endurance to keep doing the loop for so long.
Dark Spirit: Your fruitless efforts will not change
anything in reality. It will all go to waste here.
Dark Spirit: And indeed will you continue to
appreciate my gift to you, eternally. Wahahahahaha
hahahaha!













On Horned Slime (Enemy 1):
(I'm even more scared...
What is that gooey substance...
Does that thing even exist as an actual
alive creature in reality?)

On Blade Wasp (Enemy 2):
(It'll bee a real stinger if I have to exist
like this in a fog much longer.)

On Axe Killer (Enemy 3):
(It's indeed quite a killer...
that I don't know whether my true self is axed...
... what even am I!?)

On Demon Spiky (Enemy 5):
Drayden: Spikes all over its body? Kill it, I don't
care!
(What a reckless boy, I'd probably just,
poison it with magical might. Ha, my boi Drayden!)

On Mummy Stony (Enemy 6):
Drayden: You mummy! You're about to be
stoned for a second time and die a painful death!
(But can the dead really feel any pain? Or
is Drayden doing this for charisma?
And isn't the dead suddenly acting again
kinda unrealistic?)

On Scorching Inferno (Enemy 7):
Drayden: I want to scorch you such that
you Inferno shall burn in hell and stop
scarying me and Celeste again!
(But if you add another fire to a fire,
doesn't it make it worse? Or can you
really do that, because of sheer determination!?)

On Vampire Bat (Enemy 8):
Drayden: I'm going to be the vampire of
vampires, you bat, prepare to get vamp'd!
I'll tear your body apart and cook your meat!
(What type of animal-eater is my boi Drayden?
Is he okay? He must be quite a lover of meat!)
Then he really should get a meat-lover's pizza!)

On Melancholy Witchy (Enemy 10):
(Eternally melancholy... Eternally...)
Drayden: Who the hell are you? Getting made to
be a crybaby in front of that witch?
Lyra: But, well, God always favors good
willed humans over demonic monsters?
(But philosophically, I don't actually know
what is good, and what is bad. Is it
all a subjective state?)
Drayden: WHICH WITCH WOULD MAKE YOU BE LIKE THAT? ONE THAT MANIPULATES YOU!

On Aggresive Beehive (Enemy 11):
Lyra: What is such a cat-a-straw-phee? A living beehive? What has God done to us..
Drayden: You shall burn in hell! All of it! Wee! In a blazing fire! Bee-A-Corpse!
Lyra: !?
(...mhm.)
Drayden: Ain't I the all-powerful? I can scorch such gruesome meddling creatures to death!!
(He's clearly playing with fire here.)

On Egg Cyclops (Enemy 12):
(Ehh, a cyclops egg? Is it alive? Or is it waiting to be born?)
Drayden: OF COURSE IT'S ALIVE, why else could it be a monster?
(Fair point.)
Lyra: An egg is the source of all living things, but unfortunately it also includes beings from the depths of the dark world.
Drayden: What came first, the monster or the egg?
Lyra: Neither, probably God came first.
Drayden: You didn't answer me! I was asking you to pick one from those two!!
Lyra: The egg, but I'll probably shatter that one right about now.
(Wait, if that thing just spawned in and is both a monster and an egg, isn't the answer BOTH?...)

On Evil Wolf (Enemy 13):
Drayden: RUFF! I wanted to scare this weirdog.
Lyra: Rrawr, unfortunately your alignment is of the dark kind, so you shall be expelled from our sight.
(Wait, what's wrong with it... Huh? The heuristics of living? This creature wants to bite us? Indeed, a fair point.)
Drayden: ROARRRRRR! I'll give that black-furred evil wolf-wolf-dog the punishment it deserves.

On Thornlash Devil (Enemy 15):
Lyra: Oh noo! A devil from the underworld! Be careful of its thorns!
Drayden: But I'll lash right back!! Be sent to hell again, right away!
(Yeah, he could be used to those thorns..or not?.)
Lyra: May God protect you from those thorns...
(And Drayden. don't eat them for God's sake...)

On Toxicant Insectoidius (Enemy 16):
Lyra: A poisonous insect. A sticky bane.
Drayden: Yum, wait, no! I'll throw that thing in hell!
(Yes, I indeed think such insects are toxic, in fact, even normal insects are annoying.)
Lyra: We'll send that stinker to where it belongs.
Drayden: To the underworld? Isn't that immoral? Or not?
Lyra: Well we'll say it's fine when dealing with evil creatures... Or is it just naturally protecting its own territory?
On Robotic Aerocyclops (Enemy 17):
Lyra: Now we have robots... Robots invading us? What has God's realm came to?
Drayden: Then I will let this one totally rot!
(Hehe, because it's not concious, even better!! Or... is it?)
Drayden: Yeah, it should totally burn in hell! Add some oil - I mean remove its oil!
On Stonewarding Statue (Enemy 19):
Drayden: A statue that wards stone? Then how would it be real that it itself is made of stone?
(Well, maybe we're actually imagining things here. Wait, that would be terrifying... What would it actually mean?)
Lyra: Magical abilities destroy stone easily. Plus, statues are slow as snails... Wait, the fact that it moves is no ordinary influence!
On Fuming Viridflame (Enemy 18):
Drayden: Fuming with rage... To murder the Fuming Viridflame... to hell!
(Is he going to fight fire with fire again?)
Lyra: That monster's hot, perhaps my cold humor helped out? Probably not. Whatever, have your vains somehow stop functioning!!!

Recover (The Dream Realization):
(But I suddenly felt ready again, and my wounds healed... I wonder whether I am dreaming... or not...)
(And I keep finding slimes... As if I am in an infinite loop of dreams... ... Oh my brain daze! ... It's kinda making me shake unstably...)
(It somehow seems to get easier over time, is it a zen state, or am I just getting experienced? I don't really have anything else to think or say...)

King Slime Encounter (Enemy 4):
Drayden: Help, the king of slimes held my body tightly in hostage!
(What is this cycle? Of the problems of aggressive monsters being thrown in my way? I've never seen them before!!)
Drayden: Stop thinking, Celeste, just get rid of this sticky stinker of a situation!
(If I stop thinking, brain activity will seize and I will die, what is this big baddie buff bozo boy?)
Drayden: Like, are you so morally malnourished you'd let me sit in this vile pea-green no-good goo? I don't care what you do, but do something! Hurry!
After Victory:
Drayden: Phew, you really are the good king here! A king shouldn't be possessed by evil, restraining the freedom of mesomorphic men like me menacingly!
(Are there really kings? As there are high-status monsters, are there also men who are kings at telling apart illusions and truth? Or are they depraved?)
Drayden: I'll buff hard building my muscular might so that I can become the king of killing monsters with my manpower!
(Yes, there are certainly men that like to do this. Whether it's true will or it's tomfoolery, I'll let him be himself, for I'm still not sure who am I.)

The Giant Scorpion (Enemy 9):
Lyra: HELP, why can such a scorpion trap me inside this gloomy area? Argh! I'm so weak physically...
(Because the scorpion clearly was hungry and wanted some food for its meal.)
Drayden: You really should stop being one of those tiktoky girls then, especially since there's no audience to entertain to begin with!
Lyra: But I thought the holy powers of the above could shine light on my path... I guess not... I'm still so weak...
(That's natural of a basically wood stick-y girl who stumbled inside here accidentally. She should've known what a cave is, but can't change the past.)
Drayden: There's nothing of significance here for a bird like you to stumble upon! Falling flat and unable to ascend high in life's potential!!
(I guess it's turning into a toxic relationship, huh? How Drayden talks to women...)
After victory:
Lyra: Exactly, so we got to end the causer before it destroys my health and wellbeing! And Thank God that I can stand up for myself properly now!
Drayden: Exactly, little girl, your imagination is literally just nothing more than poison!
Lyra: And don't you think your noise is noxious too?
Drayden: Shut your mouth! Resentfully Are you crazzy?
Lyra: Though, I think sometimes it can just be peaceful to daydream.
(Me too, noise can influence ability to focus on one specific thing. Es-specially if it is just meaningless yap like this ragebait!)
Drayden: Airhead dingbat, don't you realize nobody but a cuckoo scatterbrain would walk into a cave UNARMED!
(It's getting as heated as his blade! But, I shall have us going.)


Photonix (Enemy 14):
Photonix: You foreign species, be removed from my world.
Lyra: But what have we done?
Photonix: You naughty figures have infiltrated our lovely collection of items. Thus, I will light-saber you all and savour your flesh! Pretty yum for me, hargh!
Drayden: Everyone here is hungry, wait something is rumbling. Not my belly, but my desire to eat YOUR foreign flesh instead!
(Let's get Drayden an alien-lover's pizza!)
Photonix: SUCH FOOLISH IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. PREPARE FOR ALL YOUR EXECUTIONS. BEGONE, MAD-LAD-GOONS.
After Victory:
(I killed the alien... I'm still here... Is there light, or is it an eternal night?)
Lyra: Huh. Perhaps it's only an hour, but sometimes it feels like daze, I mean days.
Drayden: What sort of power is that a-lie-an? AN ALTERNATE REALITY?
Lyra: Under God's omnipotence and omnibenevolence such creatures shouldn't even exist...
(Is my brain just imagining a world where evil is no more? To bring hope in a world totally filled with eternal doom, or is it...)

Dark Spirit (Enemy 21):
Dark Spirit: So you have finally came. Had the irrational will to step forth in my portal. Too bad for you, it was a portal to hell!
Lyra: Whhat?
Dark Spirit: So all your INTESTINES will be in vain, and Lyra, your belief in God will be rendered all meaningless in an instant.
Dark Spirit: And you, yes, you, Celeste, I am the ruler of this world. Not you, but me. As long as I exist, you will remain shrouded in my prison! Wahaha...
Drayden: Then I gotta kill you off!
(Wow, finally, my boi Drayden.)
Dark Spirit: But nothing will work against me. So suffer and worry. To make you trio suffer is my meaning. Wahahaha.
Drayden: Even more motivation to destroy you! I won't let that slide like pancakes!
Lyra: My belief in God will be so strong it would shatter your dark soul!
Dark Spirit: HEHE, WITH ME AROUND, YOUR CONSCIENCE WILL BE ALTERED TO THE POINT OF NO RETURN, AND YOU SHALL LIVE YOUR LIFE IN A HALLUCINATION ETERNAL.
Lyra: Was I hearing Satanic voices?
Drayden: Me too! Defy that dreatched demonic dabbing death-doomer, PLEASE!
Dark Spirit: ALL SHALL BE CONSUMED, AND...
Spectral Overlord: NONE SHALL REMAIN. PREPARE TO BE TRAPPED
ETERNALLY IN DARKNESS, FOREVER!!!!!!
(What a classic trope, Nilihistic Nice-Ninja!)
Drayden: But who will be decimated this time? You and not us!!

Spectral Overlord Transformation
Spectral Overlord: Why do you still bother to struggle with living?
This is the last time you will experience such a wonderful loop.
Spectral Overlord: But none shall live to regret triggering my true potential,
unlike the birdbrain Lyra, the wimp Drayden, and last but not least,
Spectral Overlord: You, the everlasting ruminator who failed to perceive
that you were in an eternal yet hollow reverie all along. None shall remain.
WAHAHAHAHA!

END:

You hear voices...
"Are you okay?"
"Wake up..."
You wonder, whether this was just
a bad dream, or could it be...
Just a simulated test to prepare
for the worst?
Or was it just imagination? 
Or does it just happen all the time?

If it was a simulation, was it even
REALISTIC?
Still, reguardless of whether that
Dark Spirit was true or not,
my world seems at peace now.
Wait, did it actually put me in coma
or did I just wake up coincidentally
as the being faded into a blur?

Is it a higher-level test, as it is
very different from what can occur
on Earth?
Wait, the allies were an imaginatory
version of my real friends, when
they do everything according to
my ideal, as never did they reject
my commands...

Wait, for sure, nobody knows the
point of what I have gone through.
But perhaps, I can transfer the
skills of teamwork & endurance to
real life... Wait, it's all up to you... 
You can dream big, you can dream
small... You can do big, you can do
small, after all, what even is as
high-stakes as that dark power?

Thus, it's totally up to YOU! Even
in times of dark struggle, you have
made it to the end!
Or was it just for fun? I know...
That boy and that girl spoke in an
etertaining way, even in troubled
days.
So perhaps life is meant for fun?
Again, the power lies in YOU!!!!

THE END
